##1.1 DOCUMENTATION
##1.1.1 BACKGROUND 

The main problem that I am attempting to solve is to do with improving the living condition, This is to do with the fact that the construction of large structures and buildings are a massive cause of emmissions, water pollution and soil pollution as well as noise pollution. This is due to the fact land clearing takesplace which also corresponds to deforestations, and working with toxic materials. develpoment process of new buildings such as housing also means that large amounts of dust particulates are expelled into the air  - also known as PM10, this has also been proven to cause health issues such as athsma,bronchitis and also cancer. water pollution is due to the fact many building sites contain solvents and various other harmful chemicals. As the materials used in planning sites and construction sites are decided upon by the achitects, INK ARCHITECTURES is an environmentally friendly architectural company who aims to reduce the carbon emission and footprints without compromising on quality.
##1.1.2 COLOUR CHOICES

In terms of colour schemes i have decided to take a minimalistic approach, the backgrounds of my site will be a light off white shade to which the navigation bar will blend in however i would like the navbar to become light blue when the user hovers over it. my textboxes will be a deep shade of blue on the home page to contrast with the background and to correspond with the navigation bar however on the other pages they will be light grey with black text. the font colours will be black and my header colour for home page will be white but for the other pages will also be a light blue colour and will higlight as white when the user hovers over it.
##1.1.3 ACCESSIBILITY

to comply with accessibility standards i have included alt text in my code to ensure that people with disabilities are still able to use the site. My page titles are also apropriately labelled, they describe the contents of the page and they are all different from one another to prevent any misleading, as well as this, my headings are in a large font so they are easier to read for people who have visual impairment. 
My navigation bar also chnages colour when the user hovers above one of the options, this draws the user attention and ensures they are able to naviate the site successfully.
the colours in my colour scheme also contrast appropriately, they are not too bright or too dark to reduce strain on eyes, this also makes it easier for people with visual impairments to use the website.
the labels on my site and forms are all labelled appropriately, all required ields are indicated with asterisks instead of colours so that they are visible for people who may not see different colours. error messages are also included to ensure the user is able to fill out the forms accurately.
##1.2.5 GDPR

my website also conforms to GDPR as users will be able to know what data is collected from them and how it will be used and how long the data will be held for before deletion. users will also have the right to access the data that is held regarding them such as email, they have the right to change the data held on them and rectify for example email for the newsletter can be updated or changed when users get new email addresses. if users decide they do not want to recieve the newsletter they are able to unsubscribe and their data will be erased and removed from the newsletter list. the data provided by users in the forms such as their name and email addresses will be kept secure therefore there will be no unauthorised access to the data by anyone else. users are able to know how their data is being used and users can prevent procession of data if they choose to, if users don't want their information to be  used in a certain way they are able to object. the data collected from the users will be apropriate therefore my site will not be requesting users to provide any bank details as this is not neccessary as my site is used to promote and provide a service rather than a product. the data collected will not be transferred anywhere or to anyone, all information will be kept secure.

##1.2.6 DISTANCE SELLING

I do not have any distance selling taking place as the services provided will mostly take place through email and most likely face to face meetings as architecture consists of conversing with the clients themselves.

##1.2.7 EVALUATION

I believe i tackled the problem to a good extent, as concerns regarding the sustainabilty of the planet is rising due to the increasig pollution levels, more people are begining to look for environmentally friendly, safer alternatives and that is what INK ARCHITECTURES provides in terms of structures, housing and other builds. this website will allow them to promote themselves and their cause while saving the planet - which can also increase clients for them. 
I encountered some problems along the way while developing the site itself such as getting everything to layout exactly as i had them in the wireframes. sometimes my layout would become messed up as well while adding other features which i would then need to refix or find an alternative. one of the bigger issues i came across was when i attempted to implement a map using javascript, this failed due to the fact i needed to have an API key and in order to get one and for it ot be valid i was required to pay a monthly subscription thus i resorted to embedding the map in via an iframe tag. alternatively i tried to insert validation into my form with javascript however this doesn't seem to be working unfortunately.
In order to make my site responsive i have included a meta tag in the header which allows the browsers to resize the contents to ensure it is scaled appropriately. i have also attempted to make the site responsive on mobile phones and devices 600px and lower. The images i have used throughout my website are from a free open source website called upsplash which allows you to download and use the images.# WebTechWebsite

link to my Github Repository: https://github.com/MariyaJ19/WebTechWebsite.git
the website is store on the folder titled: HTML DOC
